Last night it was so that you believe
that was not at all until otherwise
driven through the damp streets
My pants look like I have three
a corner somewhere for weeks
slept
she has to do a bit more now
Shake it out here is full of rubbish sand
mud and snail slime we are us
yesterday were listening to our expense
over at yesterday in the old ferry house and
the night was relatively short and less
relaxing
but while the last ones are uploading
rein will be made here
let's get ready and
Movement hall must be fast
shopping at weekend many people
live to the ass you do advertising for
cougar my god has to leave again 10
Yesterday really so stressful wish
arrived fly super stressful after
So I arrived at once showered
I wanted to take a shower then it was warm
really completely drenched water away
wanted to dry our stuff on the
Heating via the heater does not work
everything works on the ass no hair dryer
that is, the option everything is dry
Also a wonder we failed
all still live
so have quite now after
hall to buy things and looks
please take my board to a board
is so engrossed as long as she still
reasonably ok but the bread
surface looks you the times
everywhere over snail slime around the
who are evening to avoid chill
us one considers the earlier
but not in percent says
cash register
the ultimate thunderstorm announced
Let's go rocket
so if I have the rainstorm to
Victims fall like yesterday night
equipment
comes from time to time
but we can absolutely faster
Her case to be praised if you
moistening in folders
oh yes we arrived in halls
ski-piste lift the world for 40,000
people york come out of here we have to
even deficit wise, this is not just
be a room but a complete one
Apartment wants what is that for a
monster that is maybe
We are currently moving through the Haaner
downtown try anything too
nibble
the buck on asian I have too
Bockelt
the whole 33
now the chance
Unfortunately that was not found
that's why it goes straight to the
push in search of something
we are nibbling on a wall of
People would just be wild me
could tear me down a bit now
circle all simon yes
if we now give everyone a photo and
give autographs then we eat today
not further developed
quite chilled so
very strong
autographs
I want to be in mindelheim
Felix is ​​not there but I have something for you
nice for you just tried too
This cliché has bamboo eating
has to say hello was today
now also in beijing
We will appear in such a way
Weather
will remain in both hall
ul old that you actually blatant what
it happens in the middle of the hall in the center
just been run over by ten
billion people
we can have a short one now
pause it a bit asian
restaurant bamboo was asiatic it
of course with
yes, I 'll eat it right away
should stick in greasy noses
Particle 30 dangerous to measure this
that is still splashes of the flag
and then on the clothes
october in the cameras a bit
Leans a bit but I lie down
again with completely broken wonderful
Eat it was a wonderful evening
whole day actually wonderful
people hit again and now wants
I destroyed when I say again
I want to thank you for all your gifts
Here comes my arm is now
already what you get we the evening
We will see you fully
I remembered just when it was so
it does not rain over there
outside in the rain around you will
I'm sick of it more than me
Of course, it is not possible to divorce
she has to be super twice herself
many new impressions we in today
hall and I would
just say
thank you people thank you was a real one
cool day see us tomorrow
I 'm happy